Python: Add ACA Python Sessions (Code Interpreter) Core Plugin, samples, and tests (#6158)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: python/semantic_kernel/core_plugins/sessions_python_tool/README.md

      - Integer representing the maximum time allowed before the platform scales down the container
  - sessionPoolSecrets: Secrets associated with the Session Pool
    - name: Name of the secret
    - value: Secret Value

Example Generation of Session Pool:

```json
{
    "location": "koreacentral",
    "properties": {
        "poolManagementType": "Dynamic",
        "maxConcurrentSessions": 10,
        "name": "{{SessionPoolName}}",
        "dynamicPoolConfiguration": {
            "poolType": "JupyterPython",
            "executionType": "Timed",
            "coolDownPeriodInSecond": 310
        }
    }
}
```

Curl Example:

```curl
curl -X PUT "https://management.azure.com/subscriptions/{{SubscriptionId}}/resourceGroups/{{ResourceGroup}}/providers/Microsoft.App/sessionPools/{{SessionPoolName}}?api-version=2023-08-01-preview" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" \
    -d '{"location": "koreacentral","properties": { "poolManagementType": "Dynamic", "maxConcurrentSessions": 10, "name": "{{SessionPoolName}}", "dynamicPoolConfiguration": { "poolType": "JupyterPython", "executionType": "Timed", "coolDownPeriodInSecond": 310 } } }'
```

> If all goes well, you should receive a 200 Status Code. The response will contain a `poolManagementEndpoint` which is required to configure the Python Plugin below.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it would be better to link to the Container Apps docs on creating a session pool rather than have this here. My concern is that it could get stale quickly and we won't know it. @anthonychu do have an opinion on this?

Author: Yeah, it's a good callout. Per our offline chat, I will update the README once ACA has public docs we can link to.

## Configuring the Python Plugin

To successfully use the Python Plugin in Semantic Kernel, you must install the Poetry `azure` extras by running `poetry install -E azure`.

Next, in the .env file, add the `poolManagementEndpoint` value from above to the variable `ACA_POOL_MANAGEMENT_ENDPOINT`. The `poolManagementEndpoint` should look something like:

```html
https://eastus.acasessions.io/subscriptions/{{subscriptionId}}/resourceGroups/{{resourceGroup}}/sessionPools/{{sessionPool}}/python/execute
```

It is possible to add the code interpreter plugin as follows:

```python
kernel = Kernel()

> service_id = "python-code-interpreter"

Reviewer: nit: I think it would be better to leave the service_id generic, like "azure_oai" or something. Currently it makes me wonder if I need a dedicated service for this plugin.

Author: Updated.

chat_service = AzureChatCompletion(
    service_id=service_id, **azure_openai_settings_from_dot_env_as_dict(include_api_version=True)
)
kernel.add_service(chat_service)

python_code_interpreter = SessionsPythonTool(
    **azure_container_apps_settings_from_dot_env_as_dict(), auth_callback=auth_callback
)

sessions_tool = kernel.add_plugin(python_code_interpreter, "PythonCodeInterpreter")

code = "import json\n\ndef add_numbers(a, b):\n    return a + b\n\nargs = '{\"a\": 1, \"b\": 1}'\nargs_dict = json.loads(args)\nprint(add_numbers(args_dict['a'], args_dict['b']))"
result = await kernel.invoke(sessions_tool["execute_code"], code=code)

print(result)
```

Instead of hard-coding a well-formatted Python code string, you may use automatic function calling inside of SK and allow the model to form the Python and call the plugin.

> The authentication callback may be handled as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication callback must return a valid token for the session pool. One possible way of doing this with a `DefaultAzureCredential` is as follows:
```
